our Christmas thoughts maybe of snow but
a gathering of clouds in a downpour is
what we're most likely to get
how wet it is we say how come as if we
forgotten what it's usually
we can protect ourselves from the worst
ravages and keep ourselves warm
regardless of the conditions outside but
we're not divorced from it even when
we're warm indoors the weather affects
us profoundly it provides a common bond
between us and the rest of the natural
world we understand its effect and it's
drama while we take shelter and wait for
the storm to pass the rest of nature
sits out the worst
on the coast there is no escaping the
elements
for seals hold out on the sand there is
nothing for it but to endure they're
used to this
all an oyster catcher can do is fluff
out its feathers and place into the wind
you